.TH SWUN 1 "2012 Juli 22"

.SH NAME
swun \- simple SoftWare Update Notifier

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.B swun
.PP

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B swun 
is a very simple update notifier intended for the use with Slackware Linux.
.PP
swun places itself as an an icon into the notification area of the 
desktop environments. It uses 
.B slackpkg
as backend, so you must have configured slackpkg!
Swun does not more than check for changes in the changelog 
with 
.B "slackpkg check-updates" 
and changes the icon color accordingly:
.IP 
.BR red 
== update available,
.IP
.BR green 
== system is up to date(no changes to the changelog).

.SS
Left Click:
.TP 5
Shows the information from the last command. 
That means you normally get the status.

.SS
Middle Click:
.TP 5
Shows Version information.

.SS
Right Click: Menu Actions
.TP 5
- Check Changelog
this is the action, that is automatically triggered from time to time, 
but you are able to trigger it here.
.TP 5
- Check Update State
this will do a "Check Changelog" and check afterwards, if all packages
listed in the cache are really installed (
.B slackpkg upgrade
, without install, nevertheless root rights are required). 
if not all upgradeable packages are installed, it will display these items.
And the icon color will be 
.BR orange.
You are able to check this special update state only with this action.
.TP 5
- Update System
This will open a terminal with root rights to give you the chance 
to run an interactive update (
.B slackpkg upgrade
). 
No matter if you install all upgrades or only some of them, the state will
be up-to-date(green) afterwards, because the changelog is up-to-date.
Detailed information can be retrieved with "Check Update State".
.TP 5
- Help 
This opens a terminal with this man page.
.TP 5
- Quit 
is self explaining ;-)

.SH NOTES
.SS
Note on root rights
You can also add slackpkg tool as a sudo command:
# enable sudo package management without passwords questions like in this line:
$(user)  ALL=(root) NOPASSWD: /usr/sbin/slackpkg
And set the "USE_SUDO" variable in swun.sh to "yes".

.SH OPTIONS
Currently there are no options.

.SH SEE ALSO
slackpkg(8)

.SH AUTHOR
.B swun
was made by Benno <fwxx@rocketmail.com>
